EDU-13369: Add the Newsletter to the Organisms overview (#1409)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/faststore/components/organisms/overview.mdx

      <NavbarSliderUsage />
    </UIProvider>
  </CardItem>
  <CardItem
    title="Newsletter"

>     description="The Newsletter component is a section with at least one input text with an action allowing users to submit their input."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    description="The `Newsletter` component is a section that features a text input field and an action button, allowing users to subscribe to updates and newsletters."
```

    actionPath="/docs/guides/faststore/organisms-newsletter"
  >
    <UIProvider>
      <NewsletterUsage />
    </UIProvider>
  </CardItem>
  <CardItem

>     title="Out of Stock"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    title="OutOfStock"
```
